my name is Tyson McGee.
I'm the English SPR
and I lead a group of Dungeons and Dragons
for the middle school.
The reason I started our D
and D club is because I had children
who wanted to play D and D.
So what do kids want to do?
Our school is very accommodating.
We want to help people be accepting.
So find out what kids love to do
and do it.
Make that a reality for them.
So if you have a bunch of kids
that are interested in an art club,
if you have kids
who are interested in theater,
if you have kids who are interested in
something like dungeons and Dragons,
what they're interested in
is kind of your go to to start out with.
So our Dungeons and Dragons group
is meant to include anybody and everybody.
But it's particularly draws on kids
that don't have a lot
of social connections
through sports or other clubs or whatnot.
We had a few kids
that were very charismatic.
They are the storytellers
of the outgoing kids
and whatnot, and we had a couple kids
who were very shy.
They wanted to be along for the ride
and let the other kids carry them.
But as we go on, those kids start
to come out of their shells more and more.
They get very excited
when something goes as planned.
They're very devastated
when it doesn't go as planned,
but they've become
very emotionally involved,
and then they become the drivers of
the story just along with everybody else.
The idea is to tell stories
with your with your peers,
and the rules are around building conflict
because you know, a good story
doesn't always
have you doing
exactly what you want to do.
But it's about working together
and building friendship.
And, building empathy towards one another
and getting that experience of being in
with other people and having fun playing,
pretending, making up things.
Every week we have somebody who's making
sure that they want
to bring snacks and include people,
and it's very inclusive.
And I see friendships of people
who wouldn't normally interact
with each other, coming together
and spending more time together.
I see, those down in the cafeteria
today, for example,
and I saw a bunch of kids sitting together
who I've never seen
anywhere near each other before,
but because they were in groups together,
they felt more comfortable, more accepted
than their branching out
in their social circles,
which is wonderful to see.
It can sound like it's very intimidating
to start any club,
and especially with D&D,
where you run the club
and you're very involved
at the beginning or whatnot.
There's tons of supports for people
online.
It's not as hard as people think
that it would be.
Wizards of the coast is the people
who own Dungeons and Dragons.
They have a bunch of different modules
for starting out with, that walk
somebody through
How to be a Dungeon Master, what to do
now, how to prepare for the next one.
What do you be concerned about?
Here are the things that might come up.
There's different adventures you can do,
and each one really does walk you through
all the steps
of how to be a DM and successfully do it,
and it's a lot of fun
and if you make a mistake, the number one
most important rule
is that whatever you and your characters
decide is that is the rule now,
so you can't really mess it out.
So if you want to try it, if you think
kids would enjoy it, go for it.
Because even if it goes wrong,
it's still probably going to go right.